Update the security-jpa quickstart to use Dev Services for Postgresql (#1019)
quarkusio/quarkus-quickstarts: security-jpa-quickstart/README.md

Once the database is up you can start your Quarkus application.

> Note you do not need to start the database when running your application in dev mode or testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note you do not need to start the database when running your application in dev mode or testing. It will be started automatically as a Dev Service.
```

### Integration testing

> We have provided integration tests based on [Dev Services for Postgresql](https://quarkus.io/guides/dev-services#databases) to verify the security configuration in a JVM and native  mode. The test and devmode containers will be launched automatically because all the `Postgresql` configuration properties are only enabled in a production (`prod`) profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have provided integration tests based on [Dev Services for PostgreSQL](https://quarkus.io/guides/dev-services#databases) to verify the security configuration in JVM and native modes. The test and dev modes containers will be launched automatically because all the PostgreSQL configuration properties are only enabled in production (`prod`) mode.
```
